c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp7.exe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp7.exe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp7.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp7.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GadgeteerApp7.exe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GadgeteerApp7.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp7.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp7.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp7.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp7.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp7.Resources.resources
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp7.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp7.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp7.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp7.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp7.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp7.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp7.exe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp7.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.xml
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.dll
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.dll
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.xml
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.xml
C:\Users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp7\GadgeteerApp7\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp7.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
