c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp8.exe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp8.exe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp8.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp8.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GadgeteerApp8.exe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GadgeteerApp8.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp8.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp8.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp8.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp8.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Native.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Native.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.OSHW.Native.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.OSHW.Native.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Premium.System.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Native.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.dll
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.FEZCerb.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Hardware.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.OSHW.Native.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.Hardware.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerberus.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.pdb
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZCerbuinoBee.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\bin\Debug\GHI.Premium.System.xml
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp8.Resources.resources
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp8.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp8.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp8.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp8.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp8.pe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp8.pdbx
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp8.exe
c:\users\miki\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GadgeteerApp8\GadgeteerApp8\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp8.pdb
